When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: You practise two quick taps on the mouse while keeping the hand still.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Open Documents, close it, then open it again.
Repeat with staff fading prompts each time.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type the action we use to open an icon.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Staff will name the target only.
You attempts the double-click without hand-over-hand support unless needed.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.